Update scale-app documentation (#97)
alphagov/govuk-kubernetes-cluster-user-docs: source/manage-app/scale-app/index.html.md

## Scaling your app

> 1. Determine if you need to update your app's `values.yaml` or enviroment yaml file, for example - [`values-integration.yaml`](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-helm-charts/blob/main/charts/app-config/values-integration.yaml)

Reviewer: This new step poses a question without answering it, which is not a helpful thing in a playbook.

I'm not clear on what the problem was that you're trying to solve by adding this step. Can you tell me more about what you were trying to do?

`app-config/values-<env>.yaml` should normally be the correct place to make these changes in this use case.

Author: Thanks for the feedback Chris, fair points.

We wanted to update this following a drill on 2nd line, as we wasn't sure where to make the change initially. The documentation currently links to the `charts` directory, but we could not find the `values.yml` file to change. I think we were able to find where to make the change in the end by searching the repo and looking at previous pull requests.

We wanted to update the documentation and include an example link to one of the value.yml to change.

Reviewer: Aha thanks, that's helpful. So yeah for the purposes of this playbook, the right place to make the change is `values-<environment>.yaml` for the environment where you want to scale up/down.

So I think the playbook was just linking to the wrong place and that understandably caused some confusion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Find the Helm values file for the environment that you want to change, for example [`values-integration.yaml`](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-helm-charts/blob/main/charts/app-config/values-integration.yaml).
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion 👍

Reviewer: no probs, thanks for finding the error and fixing it!
